magento/devdocs#: Cloud. Add notice about “wizard:ideal-state” (#6055)
magento/devdocs: guides/v2.2/cloud/deploy/smart-wizards.md

Command | Description
------- | -----------

> `wizard:ideal-state` | Check that SCD is on the _build_ stage, the `SKIP_HTML_MINIFICATION` variable is `true`, and the post_deploy hook configured. Do not run locally.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`wizard:ideal-state` | Check that SCD is on the _build_ stage, the `SKIP_HTML_MINIFICATION` variable is `true`, and the post_deploy hook configured in the Cloud environment. Not for use in the local development environment.
```

Author: **implemented**
